Cipher Row

Case I. "Inland Empire Solar Sales Travel"

Question I. 
  If the marketing specialist begins his trip from his home in Riverside and returns home daily, the number of variations would be 6. The reason being is the variations of the noted cities that he must take to market the solar products each can have 2 different routes a piece. There is a total of 3 cities, and 3 multiplied by 2 is 6. For example, if he starts in Riverside traveling through Moreno Valley, Perris, then Hemet that is one route; another route being starting in Riverside traveling through Perris, Moreno Valley and ending his last visit in Hemet.

Question II. 
  The breadth first search would be Riverside to Hemet to Moreno Valley to Perris and back to Riverside. The shortest path, considering he goes through all cities would be starting at Riverside, to Moreno Valley, to Perris and lastly visiting Hemet. This amounts to 74 miles, which would indeed be the shortest path. The most low-cost trip for the marketing specialist would be equivalent to the shortest path. If he were going through all cities, starting at Riverside and ending in Hemet, with the following miles Riverside to Moreno Valley (22 mi), Moreno Valley to Perris (20 mi), and Perris to Hemet (32 mi), being in 74 miles. On the other hand, if he were just visiting one city for example, the most low-cost trip would then be Moreno Valley to Perris at 20 miles.

III. Case I. Documentation
  The program we created is a friendly user interface and will allow the user to choose from two different options at the start of the program. The program determines the shortest route and calculates the distance between two cities. Once the user has chosen the option, they want the program to execute, the program will then begin. Once the program is done with its executions, it will display the response corresponding to the user's choice. The program will then return to the main menu for another selection.
For option one, which is determining the shortest route, this will allow users to approach the program as them being the traveling salesman. In doing this, this allows the user to better understand the purpose of this option, having to find the shortest route from a list of different variations. Using the weighted graph, the program will present the routes, and the one with the lowest miles is determined to be the shortest route.
The programming logic behind option one, requires a multi-dimensional array, the graph of the cities, as well as the string for the source, the starting and ending point which is Riverside. This is located with the travelSim (), and the purpose is to locate the shortest route. The function also utilizes the std::permutation in order to perform a do-while loop for comparison of the shortest route, to return the route with the lowest weight, which we measured as miles. 
The second option, which is calculating the distance between two cities, determines the distance of two cities, chosen by the user, using the weighted matrix graph. This option is very helpful to the developer, because it allows them to ensure that values indeed correspond to the actual graph. It gives a clear and accurate representation for calculations between a starting and ending city.
The programming logic behind option two, uses getCity () to retrieve the string name of the city and make a comparison to see if the name matches the one in its IF-block. If it does, it will return the constant integer value of the City's name. This return integer value is useful because it allows the program to access the multi-dimensional array and return the weighted value of the matrix. The program will recognize the user's response rather it is capitalized or not, but if the user inputs an unknown city the function with return 0.

Case III. Documentation
	Using C++, we created a program that encrypts and decrypts messages using the Vigenere Cipher. The programming approaches allows the user to choose their string text. Once it is chosen, the program then encrypts and decrypts the string text. The algorithm is integrated in the program by using a form of polyalphabetic cipher, which is just a form of substitution. It uses multiple substitution alphabets.
  The application of course concepts include the encryption and decryption of the string text chosen by the user. Vigenere Cipher’s concept is to take a string text and use the Vigenere’s square with the keyword. With the help of the comments on the program, it was made to be understood for any user accessing the program. The concept itself is not something a beginner can take from this program, it is more for an intermediate user. Although a beginner might not understand the concept, with the aid of the comments they can indeed walk away with an encrypted and decrypted string text.
